 "I cut down trees, I eat my lunch, I go to the lavatory. On Wednesdays I go shopping, and have buttered scones for tea."
"Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!"
"For the water-skiing and the travel, sir. Not for the killing, sir. I asked them to put it on my form, sir: 'no killing'."
"I'm afraid I'm not personally qualified to confuse cats, but I can recommend an extremely good service."
"Sorry I'm late, headmaster. I've been wrestling with Plato."
"We interrupt this program to annoy you and make things generally irritating..."
"We serve no meat of any kind. We're not only proud of that, we're smug about it - Head Waiter."
"What's brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!"
"Only the true Messiah denies his divinity!"
"Blessed are the cheesemakers!"
"Oh, you'll probably get away with crucifixion."
"Well, what are you doing creeping around a cow shed at two o'clock in the morning? That doesn't sound very wise to me."
"Other than the medicine, education, wine, public order, irrigation, roads, the fresh-water system, and public health, what have the Romans ever done for us?"
"I'm afraid I have no choice but to sell you all for scientific experiments."
"Better get a bucket. I'm gonna throw up."
"I mean to serve salmon with botulism at a dinner party is social death."
"'Tis but a scratch!"
“What is your quest?"
"Black Knight: It's just a flesh wound"
"You don't frighten us, English pig-dogs! Go and boil your bottom, sons of a silly person."
"he Lady of the Lake... her arm clad in the purest shimmering samite, held aloft Excalibur from the bosom of the water signifying by Divine0 Providence that I, Arthur, was to carry Excalibur. That is why I am your king!"
"Listen, strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government."
"Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony."
"This is supposed to be a happy occasion. Let's not bicker and argue over who killed who."
"We are the Knights who say ... NI!"
"Brave Sir Robin turned about and gallantly he chickened out."
"You must cut down the mightiest tree in the forest with a herring!"
"I'm not quite dead yet!"
"Oh! Come and see the violence inherent in the system! Help, help! I'm being repressed!"
"On second thought, let's not go to Camelot. It is a silly place."
"If she weighs the same as a duck she's made of wood and therefore, a witch!"
"She turned me into a newt!"
"Where'd you get the coconuts? We found them."
"You don't frighten us with your silly knees-bent running around advancing behavior!"
"I fart in your general direction!"
"Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!"
"That's no ordinary rabbit. That's the most foul, cruel, and bad-tempered rodent you'll ever set your eyes on."
"What sad times are these when passing ruffians can say 'Ni' at will to old ladies."
"That rabbit's got a vicious streak a mile wide! It's a killer!"
"Run away, Run Away!"
"How could a 5-ounce bird possibly carry a 1-pound coconut?"
"And now for something completely different."
"Know what I mean? Know what I mean? Nudge nudge. Nudge nudge! Know what I mean? Say no more"
"Supposing someone came at you with a banana and you haven’t got a gun?"
"If you hadn’t nailed it to the perch it’d be pushing up the daisies!"
"Yes, but I think that with government backing I could make it very silly."
"But you try and tell the young people today that, and they won’t believe ya"
"I think you're an encyclopaedia salesman."
"If I let you in, you'll sell me encyclopedias."
"I object to all this sex on the television. I mean, I keep falling off."
"He's a lumberjack, and he's OK, he sleeps all night and he works all day."
"Have you got anything without Spam?"
"Oh, I'm sorry. This is abuse. No, you want room 12A next door."